Allow this script to be flexible and open ended - pursue interesting avenues of questioning if they arise. This script is to be used for both student and staff interviews. This script is also used for focus groups, but provoke more intergroup discussion around these questions than straight answers.

1. Allow the user to use system, guided by the facilitator and allow the observer to note any noteworthy interactions or comments. Encourage the user to speak out loud as they use the system.

2. Ask the user what their overall opinion of the system was.

Enjoyed using the system, believed it was very easy to get the hang of and is very self explanatory.
Would like to see the system in place at university as he believes the current system is very outdated.

3. Ask the user what parts of the system they thought were good.

The website design is very compact and concise, works very well on mobile and can use it while on the go.
Making a booking is effortless, smooth and uncomplicated. Everything is filled out for you and only mouse clicks are required.
Viewing your bookings is short and sweet, impressed at the cancelling bookings feature. Feels its very well done to prevent accident cancellations.
Likes the colourway of the website - feels the design is very modern and professional

4. Ask the user what parts of the system they think could be improved, and follow up by questioning how they think those parts should be improved.

Maybe add a notification system that alerts you when your booking is near, possibly sends you an email 30 mins before to remind you?
Very petty, but maybe making the top left text / logo a button that can be pressed that takes you to home screen.
Feels the view all rooms is unnecesary since all those details are presented to you anyway when making a booking.

5. Ask the user if they noticed any bugs in the system.
When making a booking, and you select a room and the details are autofilled, capacity shows the room number rather then the room capacity




